6.0 English From BBC Learning English.com
Hello, this is 6 minute English from BBC Learning English. I'm Phil
And I'm Pippa. Have you ever found up a company and had your cool held in a queue?
If you have then you've probably heard messages like this.
Hello, your call is important to us. You are number 89 in the queue.
If you'd like to continue to hold press 1, if you'd like to return to the main menu press 0,
How do you feel when your phone call is put on hold fill?
Oh, frustrated usually.
Although I do like it when there's a number saying how many people in front of you, that's good.
Well, when your call is finally connected, it's usually a call centre worker. You'll speak to a real live person who'll hopefully fix your problem.
But increasingly, this work is now done using artificial intelligence or AI.
And this is causing problems in countries like India and the Philippines, where call centre jobs make up a big part of the economy.
In this program, we'll be asking who's really in charge at the call centre. Humans or AI.
As always, we'll be learning some useful new vocabulary.
And remember, you can read along with the program and find the list of new words and phrases by visiting our website, BBCLearningEnglish.com.
But now, I have a question for you, Phil.
Around the world, numbers of call centre workers have grown rapidly in recent years.
If you're listening to this, maybe your call centre worker yourself.
So, approximately how many people work in call centre globally, Phil, is it a 7 million, b 17 million or c 27 million?
I think b 17 million.
Okay, well, you'll have to listen to the end to find out the answer.
Now, one work at worried about the impact of AI on jobs in the Philippines is Miling Habalona, president of the call centre workers union, b i e n.
Here, she tells BBC World Service program tech life about some of the difficulties of her job and why she fears for the future.
So, and this person is quite already aggravated and he keeps on yelling and that's the difficult part because the mental stress also, you have to pacify the client and you have to make sure you're able to resolve the concern.
And then the difficult part on that conversation is that you're being monitored by an AI.
I mean, eventually AI would replace us.
It's going to displace workers in, you know, eventually in the near future.
Even as a matter of fact, there's been a, and a study that says that about 300,000 workers or around 27% of workers that's going to be displaced because of AI.
And that's still the happening.
The work involves Demi with customers who've phoned up to complain.
They're often angry, aggravated, and yelling or shouting down the phone.
It's my lineage job to pacify them, to calm them down.
If that wasn't stressful enough, Miling's conversations are monitored by AI systems to see how well she fixes her client's problems.
You might think AI was built as support workers like Miling, but she fears AI will replace her in the near future.
A phrase meaning very soon or within a short time.
Miling emphasizes her fears about being replaced by giving details about the study she read, which claim that 27% of workers will be displaced by AI.
She uses the phrase as a matter of fact to emphasize what she's saying,
and to give more detail as evidence to support it.
But Miling thinks AI will never fully replace humans. She says AI lacks one important quality empathy.
Here she explains more to BBC World Services tech life.
Well, I don't think AI is, you know, empathetic or whenever they talk, I mean, if ever a machinery or robot talks to them, you know, people are more compassionate.
Then, you know, when you talk to a robot.
Miling says that AI is not empathetic. Unlike humans, it can't put itself in someone else's place and share their feelings or experiences.
If you listen carefully to Miling's speech, your notice she says, you know a lot.
Fraises like, you know, um, and, uh, are called filler words, and are used to give the speaker time to think or to express uncertainty.
Right. I think it's time I revealed the answer to my question, Phil. I asked you how many cool centre workers are there globally.
And I said 17 million.
Which is the right answer. Okay. Let's recap the vocabulary we've learned in this program, starting with yelling another word for shouting.
To pacify someone means to calm them down when they're angry.
In the near future means very soon or within a short time.
The phrase as a matter of fact is used to add emphasis to what you're saying, to give more detail about what you've just said,
or to introduce something that contrasts with it.
If you're empathetic, you're able to put yourself in someone else's position and share their feelings or experiences.
And finally, filler words like, um, are, and, you know, give the speaker more time to think or to express uncertainty.
Once again, ask six minutes or up. Bye. Bye.